# Project-proposal-to-predict-credit-card-approval
A bank's credit card department is one of the top adopters of data science. A top focus for the bank has always been acquiring new credit card customers. Giving out credit cards without doing proper research or evaluating applicants' creditworthiness is quite risky. The credit card department has been using a data-driven system for credit assessment called Credit Scoring for many years, and the model is known as an application scorecard. A credit card application's cutoff value is determined using the application scorecard, which also aids in estimating the applicant's level of risk. This decision is made based on strategic priority at a given time.

Customers must fill out a form, either physically or online, to apply for a credit card. The application data is used to evaluate the applicant's creditworthiness. The decision is made using the application data in addition to the Credit Bureau Score, such as the FICO Score in the US or the CIBIL Score in India, and other internal information on the applicants. Additionally, the banks are rapidly taking a lot of outside data into account to enhance the caliber of credit judgements.

Credit card score are generally built on historical data, the predictive models built upon these data are subjected to economic fluctuations. Hence, it is very important to tune with latest data and build resilient models. At present, with the development of machine learning algorithms. More predictive methods such as Boosting, Random Forest, and Support Vector Machines have been introduced into credit card scoring.

Build a machine learning model to predict if an applicant is 'good' or 'bad' client, different from other tasks, the definition of 'good' or 'bad' is not given. Also, unbalance data problem is a big problem in this task.
